Dave is an "ordinary" young man who is known for his friendly demeanor and ingenuity. On the surface, Dave is an everyman to many. He is nice to his neighbors (Even if they don't reciprocate it back), has a simple job as a substitute for "Fort Geraldson Elementary and Middle School", and knows just about everyone in town. If you didn't know him, you would think he's the most bland individual ever. Getting to know him however, opens up an entirely new side of his personality.
Once you look further into Dave, that everyman persona quickly begins to fade. He has a knack for wacky inventions. He has an adopted son as well as an invented daughter. His house is offbeat amongst the neighborhood with an absurd color palette and layout including a hidden basement. One final thing to note is his connection to Bambi, the local weirdo of the town.

Dave was born in the state of Georgia, USA. For the formative years of his life he lived with his parents in a different city, only a 30 minute long drive from Fort Geraldson. He was seen as a gifted kid, latching onto technology at a young age. Even then, he tried to get along with everyone at his school. Towards the end of high school he found a best friend, that being Muko. After graduating, he would spend his time at college and working on inventions with his friend Muko at his own spotty self made laboratory and mancave. This work with Muko would eventually lead to him losing his legs through an accident. Despite the accident Dave still tries to be creative, working on projects with Muko and tackling stuff all by himself (albeit with more caution then before). After college, Dave would move to Fort Geraldson. This would lead to him adopting Tristan, befriending many, and being where he is in the present.

Dave is 29.

Dave is in a wheelchair and has dark metal lozenge-shaped plates as replacements for his legs.

Dave is a cheerful, smart, respectful guy who tends to play things straight despite his quirks.

Dave also has a bit of an edge. He can be competitive, sarcastic and even weird, especially towards his friends.

Dave has a strict but reasonable personality towards his children. He always makes sure Tristan and PlayRobot are safe but tries to have fun with them when he can.

Dave tends to suffer from anxiety. A lot of that is due to him overthinking, which is a common problem he faces in life. He does good at managing this anxiety most of the time though.

Mr. Bambi, most commonly known as just "Bambi", is an oddball of a person. He is mostly known for his aggressive and confusing behavior. A lot of people see him as the local cryptid, but he has a close knit set of friends. He hangs out with his friend Dave a lot of the time.

Mr. Bambi is a pretty unfriendly person to most. He is quick to get agitated and can just be a general nuisance when you get in contact with him. With his friends however, he tends to be pretty down to Earth and genuine with only the occasional outburst.

One thing people associate with Bambi the most is his residence. He lives at an abandoned farm in Fort Geraldson, well known for its plethora of corn and yellow grass. The barn Bambi resides in is a total dump, full of corn kernels and destroyed cans of water. Despite the mess, Bambi is very protective of his farm, yelling at anyone he doesn't know that gets within a mile radius of it.

Nobody knows about Bambi really. Not even his friends have truly cracked him.
His past prior to Fort Geraldson is hard to tell. He never recounts it. The previous statements about how he acts freaks many people around the town out. Anybody who has investigated Bambi definitely hasn't gotten very far. His friends have really just come to accept Bambi's mysterious aspects and tend to ignore them.

This is as much as Bambi tells about his past: We start in Fort Geraldson, where it's very unclear how Bambi got there. Bambi was a bit of a nomad, hiding around the area, freaking people out a lot of the time. These years as a nomad is where he would meet Bimpe. Bambi would intentionally try avoiding Bimpe at the start, but they did get to know each other pretty well later on. They were never best friends though, only meeting every once in a while and having their disagreements. Eventually, Bambi would find an abandoned farm which he would come to live at. After finding a permanent home, Bimpe and Bambi's friendship would fizzle out over the years. Bambi would still make the occasional friend, but these friendships would never really get far. This would change when Dave moved to Fort Geraldson. On a whim one night, Dave noticed somebody hanging around the huge abandoned farm close to his house and thought paying the person living there a visit would be nice. This unexpected act would kickstart Bambi and Dave's friendship. This friendship somewhat defines Bambi, as he tends to hang out with Dave so much he's seen as family very often. This extends into the present.

Bambi is 34 (Older than Dave)

Bambi is a Muncort (A rare humanoid species living amongst humans. Known for their prominent cartoonish attributes.)

Bambi has a huge attachment to things like his phone and corn. If he doesn't have either, he might go crazy.

Bambi is a pretty messy person. He's constantly breaking stuff and leaving trash on the floor.

Bambi acts in weird and confusing ways. He has odd routines, speaks in tongues when he gets mad, and has the weirdest sense of humor. Nobody really knows why he acts the way he does but not many people want to know.

Bambi can actually be pretty chill if you catch him on a good day.

Bambi doesn't need much to be happy. He just ends up taking from nearby Junkyards if he needs something.
