Bandu is a well meaning Frustian who lives in a small town. One of the most populated and thriving towns left infact!
He has his own house which is placed at the entrance of the busier part of town, so he may welcome any visitors. He also has a car that he occasionally takes for rides all around Frust.
Bandu likes to wander off sometimes very far away from his house to find new friends. He always finds his way back home after.
Bandu is very respected in his community and is very active socially. He doesn't wish to be too popular, he just wishes to be seen as equal to everyone else.
Bandu helped build the town from its humble beginnings, but doesn't credit himself for such. Its unknown how all the houses and business are built so quickly but Bandu usually has something to do with it. Bandu keeps his town safe from any evil trying to destroy civilizations within Frust. No one knows how its safe in the town, or even that Bandu is the one protecting them.

Bandu tends to get infatuated with random objects like phones, they seem foreign to him. He makes sure all his friends have one.
He is usually immensely distraught when his phones break. If he finds another one though, he is right back to being all chipper and whimsical.
Bandu has a unordinary appreciation for food. While others might not think twice about being able to have 3 meals daily, Bandu is ever thankful and gets very excited when people make food for him. He can sometimes over eats when excited, he Isn't too used to taking his time with his food.
His favorite foods include: Pizza, Small hard candies, Apple slices, blueberry pie, and Beef wellington.

Bandu often gets excited over ideas too quickly and doesn't think about them. He ends up regretting it sometimes but always tries to fix it when he makes a mistake. Sometimes, Bandu makes mistakes he feels like he can't take back. He has a rare, but bad habit of trying to run away from things he feels like are far past his ability to solve. He uses band-aid fixes.
Bandu has a hard time with looking at the bigger picture of his actions, often living in the moment. Maybe this is how he keeps himself happy.

Bandu has a YouTube channel called Yos3xgamers. He used words he thought would make him look badass like "Yo" and "Sex".
On his channel he creates various videos such as mukbangs and 3AM videos. He occasionally invites his friends on for collabs.
Through internet influence, Bandu has discovered furries. He thinks they are very cool cause there's nothing like normal animals in Frust. Bandu is the first of his kind, having attempted to get conventions going again, even in the dangerous wasteland. He had a hard time convincing people it could work, but Bandu found his way.

Bandu has a small hobby of art. He creates small doodles on a mobile art program. He never really tries to take it seriously but shows anyone when he can.